# Board Meeting Minutes 28 Feb 2020

## Attendees
- Tane, Kataze, Timber,Rechner

### Notes Tane wanted on record before leaving meeting
- Tane likes corporate filing ('sounds like a good thing'
- Vote in favor of ruggedized doorbell camera
    - will not pay for it
- microwaves, vans, ecu is good
- fifth board member maybe
- in favor of the fanvil i31s


### Discussion
- Corporate Filings Update
    - we have an EIN now, under name Totally Legit Agency, pawprint as d/b/a
    - pending checks and physical paperwork
    - committing to have complete by next meeting

- Front Door Replacement Update
    - Kataze met with Ronnie, the millwork specialist. Door approximately 3 in out of normal spec. Can have someone come measure and eval for $50. They're coming in two thursdays. 
    - Hardware coming from rubberband - grade 1 lever and grade 2 drive in deadbolt
    - hardware should be ready for the next door
- Possible package recieving solution/access control first steps (Fanvil i31S)
-- Tane will procure
-- Will need chinese relays and a strike box
-- The idea is that a doorbell will ring our phones, and we will be able to unlock door remotely
- Surveillance Cameras followup
    - Tane wants to push to the next meeting, agreed upon by others.
- Fifth Board member?
    - Maybe Ray Ting? Can ponder later.

### Pupourri
- We got a microwave and it's Good
    - "We've officially turned into Pawprint Snackerspace" - Kataze
    - "We haven't even gone through the first round of snacks"
- We got a VAN
- We're getting a Van Go Fast Computer (ECU flash tool)
    - Still waiting for ship confirmation
    - coronavirus complications
    - Will followup soon
- Waiting for postcard for google places verification
    - Google offered to do a video call for a site eval to verify 
- More vinyl acquired
- We have too many ceramic mugs and need to stop acquiring them




