# Board Meeting Minutes 29 May 2020

## Attendees
- Tane, Kataze, Timber, Rechner

### Discussion
- Corporate Filings pupdate
    - Need to establish what sort of nonprofit org
    - B99 - Educational Institution
    - Filings filed.

- Finding some sort of bookkeeping software
    - Will look into more in next meeting
    - NN a bank account?
    - Corporate cards for all!
    - Need a file repository or to generate reports

- Next steps towards being a real org
    - Kataze asked if Tane will take on some of the paperwork and organizational burden wrt recurrencies in filings
       - See bullet below for subsequent thoughts on the matter
    - Filings and paperwork burden typically distributed to Secretary, however due to our activities mostly concerning financial movement, will solicit Treasurer support instead.
    - CTO steps: gSuite with IRS exemption letter
    - Use nonprofit status to look for better premises/rates in the future
      - Lease up in october


- We're a mob hospital now, I guess
    - Ventilator, other medical equipment
    - We also have temporary wall emplacements

- Front Door Replacement Update
    - Measurements sent to Home Depot, they insisted in-person consultation for custom door design; COVID-19 interfering and no update yet
    - Evaluate value of moving forward, wrt future lease or relocation

- Fanvil Update
    - No updates yet


### Pupourri
- Ryobi powertool set now onsite
    - We are now subscribed to the green battery
- AuctionsBDI has a new listing up; viewing available by appointment M/T/F 0900-1600, W 0900-1300
    - Walk-behind toyota forklift
    - Willing to bid up to 1K, pending auction progress.
    - if we get it, we'll need to get a vehicle trailer - 1800# without battery
- Need to call about pawsprinter glowplug issue - NN have someone look at it
- Laser cutter updates? No, only an intense desire.
    - Rechner NN to call Rabbit due to weight for shipping.
- Vanity plate for pawsprinter
    - PAWBS is not a racial slur, need to respond to CA DMV in writing to reconsider

### Next Meeting Date
- June 26th, 6pm

