# Board Meeting Agenda October 30, 2020

## Attendees
- Kataze, Rechner, Tane, Timber

### Discussion
- Corporate Filings pupdate
  - Anything new?
    - No.
  - Lease Renewal
   - Lease Extended.
  - Electric service moved into P^3 name
    - Transition on 2 Nov, slightly higher deposit.
    - Establish org preference to using 'TLA' for most Real Business Stuff, 'P^3 on customer facing stuff'
  - Corporate Filings Pupdate to be removed from future agendas; complete.
- Next steps towards being a real org
  - Some sort of bookkeeping software
    - Not yet complete. 
    - Tane to look into opening a bank account with whoever has the lowest required balance.
    - Need to probably slush $5k into holding 
- Insects have been fogged
  - "We poisoned the place."
  - Super scary bug (sounded like a spark gap) noted late one night on the rafters; suspected to have left the premises.

### Infrastructure
- Fanvil Update
  - Fanvil on bench, capable of opening with minimal delay after a valid card swipe.
- IPA Rollout
  - Integration with Active Directory
    - Next Step. Preference to set up AD on a hypervisor
  - Ocotoprint
    - Forthcoming
  - Fanvil
    - Integrated with IPA
- Website update
  - Pawprint
    - Have real content now; live
  - TLA
    - Have real content now; live
    - Nightvale-esque in lieu of better content.
      - Lorem Ipsum has beeen yeeted
  - Front Door Replacement Update
    - Ordering update?
      - Sha(u/w)n advised that we can purchase just the door outright
        - Can purchase installation service at a later date if determined to be necessary
        - Pending further updates
  - The Wall/Roof
    - No updates
  - HVAC
    - Kataze get the nest from storage unit
      - Nest onsite and plugged in; operational
    - Nest not compatible with GSuite; can however enroll individual accounts

### Special Interest Projects
- Pawsprinter Stuff
  - Radio update?
    - Terrestrial and HAM radios installed, along with antennas (and a cantenna (?) )
  - License Plate Update?
    - Rev 2
      - DMV unhappy with PAWBS, wherein BS is bullshit
      - Plan now to roll the plate under the forthcoming ham club callsign
- Oops I bought a mill
  - no updates
- The Anesthesia Machine (scheduled for hacks)
  - no updates
- Ham Club
  - Unable to register a FRN due to domain expiring.
  - FRN forthcoming
- Shower
  - Shower shows as picked up but awaiting progress by the shipper.
- ATM
  - We have fake moneys
  - Mostly a software game now, to get ATM to function
  - Looking for documentation on its protocol
- Motorcycle
  - Need Keys
    - Have keys
  - Fouled plugs, needs love. Looking at carbs next.

### Pupourri
- Request to restore tools to their storage location prior to leaving warehouse
- Kataze will be onsite next thursday due to power shutoff at home
- Rechner is delighted with his new hole saw. Spring loaded, tiny teeth, impact capable.
- 2/3 of the way to a CRV run for the can collection


### Next Meeting Date
- 6pm November 27th (Black Friday) barring objections
  - Tane is, uncharacteristically, Not Down with doing Black Friday this year (pandemic remains ongoing)
  
