# Board Meeting Agenda August 26th, 2024

## Attendees
- Kay, Rechner, Kataze

### Discussion
- 2024 Engagement
  - Upcoming classes?
    - Sticker class by Kay
    - Solder class can be scheduled by Rechner
    - Kilte sheet metal class?
  - Calendar Request google form update
    - Opportunity to be more (semi-)automated.
    - Add a link to calendar in members portal?
  - Member matters updates:
    - Moved to the cloud
    - Updated to latest version
    - Working on better integration with IPA and our access control
    - Docuseal for waivers and member agreement
  - Ham Radio classes?
    - 10 installment class
  - Kay: Reminder for Electronics Flea Market.  Donate your junk, we'll sell it.
    - We need to figure out seller's license for that.
  - Kay has been asset tagging items.
  - Let's get rid of the shower. 
- CA sales tax license - need to follow up on declarations pay back taxes
  - We did that :3  it was ~$500
- Space organization and cleanliness
  - Projects and parking passes - status update?
    - We issued and executed a few red tags last cleanup day
    - There's a telegram channel to document red tag items.
  - Push for writing more wiki pages: Membership discounts for writing space documentation?
- Social media updates:
  - We're on more than Twitter now: bluesky and furry.engineer (activitypup)
  - Use more channels!
- Reminder: the annual Board election occurs tomorrow
  - Awaiting confirmation of Nominee status from two Nominees
  - Have 1x Nominee for each Board position, including the soon-to-step-down Board Members
  - Anticipate releasing the Ballot tomorrow, and opening email voting which will close once the in-person meeting begins. Hoping to get greater Member participation.
  - Notify everyone in the members-only telegram channel (soon to exist) a reminder to vote.

### Long Term Items



### Next Meeting Date
Scheduled in accordance with normal cadence on September 23rd at 8pm
