# Board Meeting Agenda August 28, 2020

## Attendees
- Kataze
- Tane (on the phone)
- Timber (on the same phone)
- Rechner (on a different conference call)

### Discussion
- Corporate Filings pupdate
  - Tane was doing DBA stuff
  - It's done! We are officially Pawprint Prototyping
- Next steps towards being a real org
  - Finding some sort of bookkeeping software
    - Tane to decide after choosing bank
  - Bank account options
    - Tane to make a choice by Monday
- Front Door Replacement Update
  - Sean said it's hard, then kind of ghosted us
  - Should we get the door and not the labor? Maybe. 
- Fanvil Update
  - There isn't one!
  - Take it off the agenda (for now)
- License Plate Explanation Letter
  - Is that gonna go to Rechner's old home?
    - No! It's gonna get that good forwarding label
- Website update
  - There isn't one yet
  - Choice paralysis on templates
  - Let's just choose one and move forward
  - Rechner to stand up something by next month
    - But probably right now
- The Walls
  - Needs a ceiling
  - "It'll happen!" - Tane (2020)
  - Nebulous timeframe
  - Post mill maybe
- Van Stuff?
  - Mechanic update
    - Kataze said we're gonna take it to a place on Wednesday before 10am
      - Check out exhaust smell
      - Check out glowplugs
      - Change dat oil
      - It's got new filters, we don't need any!
        - except the fuel filter maybe we need that
  - Equipment update
    - We have the plate for the radio!
    - We have an antenna, it stays inside
- Oops I bought a mill
  - "Oops all pieces" - Tane (2020)
  - Drive belt is snapped
  - Head is taken apart
  - We in it now.
- The Glass Booth
  - Dump it
- The Anesthesia Machine
  - Let's do something with it
  - Keep on the agenda for next month to revisit
- HVAC
  - Nobody loves us 
  - Kataze to call more people
- ISP Update
  - No other options even with c(3)
  - Comcast is lord over this dominion

### Pupourri
- Telechallenge was AWESOME
  - We should do more things like that
- Tane was gonna make dinner
- Timber thinks Rechner should get way more into radishes
- Excited for van's hospital visit, gonna check out sick electronics store.
- Let's move the next meeting to Thursday, to avoid conflicting with Tane's day drinking
- May get battery backup
  - it will look nice next to the other one
  - this one is 4x bigger

### Next Meeting Date
- September 24th, 6pm
