# Board Meeting Agenda June 26, 2020

## Attendees
- Kataze, Rechner, Tane, Timber

### Discussion
- Corporate Filings pupdate
  - Submittted paperwork 29 May, 1023EZ shows 11 May processing date. No further pupdate.  
- Next steps towards being a real org
  - Finding some sort of bookkeeping software
    -No pupdate yet, need to look into Quickbooks or alternates
  - Bank account options
    - Awaiting IRS paperwork; still need to make determination on local branch vs online bank
    - Easier to establish as a nonprofit, rather than open as a business and then convert to nonprofit upon paperwork 
- Front Door Replacement Update
  - Rechner and Kataze went to HD and spoke to the millwork dept to inquire about status 
  - HD does not have the measurements from the site visit recorded. HD to reach out to their contractor and update their records once they get that.
- Fanvil Update
  - No updates; pending software work. Repo established but not pushed.
- License Plate Explanation Letter
  - Kataze drafted a response on behalf of Rechner; draft in the chat. 
  - Letter signed and pending posting.
  - Open to further contributions to the verbiage.
- Need to decide if we want a credit card
  - Mull over for future discussion
- Websites and why we should maybe have one
  - "Legitimize the brand". PawprintPrototyping.org (email domain) does not resolve to a website
  - Useful for future expansion and communication with other entities 
  - Rechner to work on adding at least a landing page

### Pupourri
- Pawsprinter cargo area dome lights
  - Supplement/replace existing (failing) cargo area lights. Still open to LED RGBW strips for lighting the cargo bay
  - Tane to call mechanic for exhaust issue, speedometer, and glow plug
    - Glow plug indicator light may or may not mean an actual issue with glow plug; may be a relay issue
    - Glow plugs due for replacement on a 100K interval anyways; due for work
    - Two possible choices for mechanic; will pursue whichever one has the ECU programming capability
- De-preserve skonk motorcycle
  - Tane and Timber heading to meet Kataze at storage unit immediately following board meeting. 
- What's the plan for the walls
  - Plans TBD upon next hack night; put up walls to establish a room and then determine how many walls remain
  - Potential installation this weekend
- Shellcompany.business is only $8 per Rechner
- Pressure Washer purchased and currently with Tane/Timber
- Put Pawprint Pawtastrophe on the docket for Sunday tentatively
  - Tane to bring smaller ladder back to space pending completion of home project neccesitating larger ladder.


### Next Meeting Date
- TBD; recurrent meeting set in GCal for the same day next month
