# General Body Meeting Agenda for May 28th, 2024
# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Board:
* Rechner, Kataze, Geo, Kilte, Mojake, Bocuma

**Online:** 
* Kyle

**Guests:** 
* Guru, Skyite

# General News
- Community Call To Action
  - Looking for monthly classes on topics of interest
     - Sheet metal class, soldering class in the pipelines to be scheduled soon
  - Document your projects to be featured on the Pawprint Blog
- Reminder: [Open Sauce announced for Cow Palace June 15-16](https://opensauce.live/)
  - Build group is ongoing, meeting on Tuesday nights

  
# Treasurer Update
- Reminder: donations over your monthly dues are considered a tax-deductible charitable donation
- Reminder: Pawprint can be found on Benevity for workplace charitable donation matching

# Meetings, Events and Interest Groups

## Health and Safety
- We've had a visit from the fire marshall for an inspection last Tuesday.  Some items pending fixes in the next month:
  - Fire extinguishers to be serviced, inspected, and tagged
  - Some clerical paperwork for the board to complete our local business license
- Pawprint has an AED now. I encourage everyone to go learn CPR, it's easy.  Red cross offers online classes for $37.
  - QOTD: Frank Pantridge, cardiologist and inventor of the Defibrillator: A defibrillator should be beside every fire extinguisher since life is more important than property. [1](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC555899/)
- Harm reduction resources:
  - AED cabinet will also be stocked with Narcan, used for [reversing an opiod overdose](https://narcan.com/opioid-education).
  - Pawprint is a free community harm reduction resource for harm reduction supplies like Narcan and fentanyl test strips (soon), talk to a board member for more info.

## HAM Club
- 4 weekly study sessions scheduled after Open Sauce on Thursdays, starting June 20th, 27th, Wednesday July 3rd, and July 11th. 
  - Covering mostly technical topics related to the exam: RF theory, electrical engineering, math, what the heck a smith chart does.
- Exam session tentatively scheduled for Saturday, July 13th @ 12:00 for all license classes.
  
# Motions and Voting?

    
# Puppourri
- Desperate plea to please put tools back in their home when you are done with them.
  - Brought to you by reorganizing the entire ratchet set
- Bocuma: We've got the DRO on the mill!  Blinkenscreen for all operating.
  - Also broke the lathe.  Parts on order.
- We're getting a workbench!  Bocuma and Dulse will be fabricating a metal framed workbench to replace our weird oil-seasoned, granite table liquidated from an italian restaurant.
- Mojake minute:  2 new 3d-printers - Creality Ender 3v3 (slaps, hasn't broken yet) - only uses Creality slicer (sad)... and also we have a Bambu Labs A1 with the AMS (also proprietary slicer setup).... June 7th class for 3d Print education night.
- Skyite is not doin' nothin'.  But also spend the morning organizing funds for a discord server.



# Next meeting date:
June 25th @ 7:00 pm

# How to join!
We depend on your support!! $100 a month; talk to people in blue labcoats to inquire
