# General Body Meeting Agenda for November 28th, 2023
# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Kataze, Mojake, Kilte, Kay, Burry, 

**Online:** 
Geo, Timber, Rechner, Ampere

**Guests:** 
Skyite, Bocuma

# General News
- Caleb Kraft seeking collaboration for an article in MAKE; Kilte is PoC for project writeups submission; longstanding item
- Gentle Reminder on using the front doors gently
  - Remember to ensure doors are properly closed
  - Search for door/frame repair in progress
- Community Call To Action
  - Looking forward to a more engaged 2024
  - Teach a class, nerd!
  - Embrace the do-ocracy
  - Mojake has already volunteered to offer a class in January 24, on building an Infinity Mirror. It's already on the space calendar!
  - PCB design class is on the docket with no specific date commitment yet
- FC is next month; promotional ideas?
  - We have business cards and flyers
  - Ham radio exam - see below
  - Could do a showcase of a lightweight and low-maintenance project
  - Pawprint-shaped Simon Says game (with multiple modes, including an advertisement for Pawprint) (can also use the scoreboard from the Arm Project)
  - Kay and Burry are building a extra-large Game Boy with camera, and associated printer
  - Generic maker furs meet&greet event?

  
# Treasurer Update
- Electricity bill is steadily creeping up - please be energy conscious
- Still burning cash every month; need to drive more revenue; looking at less than a year of runway
- Please remember this tax season, that deductions to Pawprint are tax-deductible
   - Note: membership dues are NOT tax-deductible (due to being transactional and not just a straight donation)

# Meetings, Events and Interest Groups


## HAM Club
- Future exam TBA - hoping for FC?
  - Kilte has 2 or 3 non-furries who are interested in taking an exam, but perhaps limited in interest for doing it at FC
  - Need to find a good location (considering public access requirements)
  
# Motions and Voting?

    
# Puppourri
- Mojake's current project is a large pinball machine - looking for help, esp. in the realm of PCB manufacturing
- Tablesaw is coming along - need to also work up training requirements for use
- Doktorwulf, from FC, advising that the panel submission deadline has been extended by 1 week!


# Next meeting date:
The natural meeting cadence would fall on December 26th; due to the holidays and increase in travel, this meeting will be skipped (with the assent of the majority of members + board in attendance)
The next meeting will fall onJanuary 23rd @ 7:00PM !

# How to join!
We depend on your support!! $100 a month; talk to people in blue labcoats to inquire
