# General Body Meeting Agenda for June 25th, 2024
# Roll Call
**In Person:** Geo, Kay, Burry, Mojake, Kilte, Skyite, Nic
Board:
* Kataze, Rechner, Kay

**Online:** 
* Amp

**Guests:** 
* Crystal

# General News
- Community Call To Action
  - Looking for monthly classes on topics of interest
     - Sheet metal class (Kilte wants to do that after Soldering class)
     - soldering class in the pipelines to be scheduled soon after ham class
     - Kay volunteers Geo for a sticker making class
       - We have a nice good inkjet printer and the cutter thing, and we also love stickers
       - Do it for like $1
     - Mojake has been peer pressured into doing a generic CAD class
     - All of these things need to go onto the calendar tonight if possible
  - Document your projects to be featured on the [Pawprint Blog](https://pawprintprototyping.org/blog/)
- Open Sauce Happened!!
   - Let's sabre champagne for this soon!
   - A harrowing tale of robot death, rebirth, and double death
     - Special thanks to Noisebridge for having a carcas of the exact same robot
   - We also sold component kits for the official badges, thank you Kay!
     - **Thanks also to everyone that supported us by buying one!!**
 - Should we do Makerfaire?
   - Someone needs to run it 
   - Kay suggests badge creation if so
   - Maybe we should do Hackaday Superconference instead?
     - Makerfaire has better chance of attracting members from the local area
     - We can sell trinkets/badges/kits to support the space at events like this
     - $10 box of blinken lights is cheaper than a burrito and also very exciting
   - Applications for Maker Faire exhibitors open until July 30th.
 - Board elections are at the end of August
   - Cynra will be moving soon and stepping down as member at large
   - NOMinate members by emailing secretary@pawprintprototyping.org
   - Nominations presented at end of July
 - We will be bringing back open house days soon.
  
# Treasurer Update
- Reminder: donations over your monthly dues are considered a tax-deductible charitable donation
- Reminder: Pawprint can be found on Benevity for workplace charitable donation matching
- Opensauce was a big boon to our pocketbook.  We have reached the coveted $10k ballance in the bank.
- Most of the tools in the space are bought by members, it would be a great benefit to start spending our own money on tools and materials to support the space.

# Meetings, Events and Interest Groups

## Health and Safety
- Fire Marshall Update

## HAM Club
- 4 weekly study sessions scheduled after Open Sauce on Thursdays, continuing June 27th, Wednesday July 3rd, and July 11th. 
  - Covering mostly technical topics related to the exam: RF theory, electrical engineering, math, what the heck a smith chart does.
- Exam session tentatively scheduled for Saturday, July 13th @ 12:00 for all license classes.
  
# Motions and Voting?
- None Scheduled
    
# Puppourri
- The AC was fixed (kinda, it's hot today and maybe not great today).
  - Kilte has a non-UL listed motor that won't help
  - Try 67 Amps.  You will certainly not regret 67 amps.
- Kay shares the X-ray of a gameboy dev cartridge, thanks to a helpful friend.
  - He is working on reverse engineering it
  - Very heckin' cool
- Mojake has noticed better organization and cleanliness, thanks to everyone putting away tools and cleaning up their stations after they're done
  - Please be excellent to the other users of the space by putting tools in their home.
- Workbench has a fresh coats of polly, please don't use it for the next 3 days
- Our Twitter is doing good, special thanks to Burry for heading up social media.
  - Up 51 followers, incluidng many cool Youtubers
  - Great exposure from Opensauce
  - Wozman likes stuff that Kay and Burry are doing
- Geo got so jealous of my VT520 that he went to ewaste and bought another one
- Pawprint goes dumpster diving: Electronics Flea Market Sunday July 14th.
  - Kay's also going to Eddie's this Sunday 6pm.
  - Bring your radio (446.100 PL 100), nitrile gloves, flashlight, and a geiger counter (recommended)
  - **CASH ONLY**
- Crystal made a Haskell debugger recently


# Next meeting date:
July 23rd @ 7:00 pm

# How to join!
We depend on your support!! $100 a month; talk to people in blue labcoats to inquire
