 - Hackaday Superconference runs in November and we probably already missed the window.
 - Board elections take place during the General Body Meeting on August 27; nominations open until August 23rd
   - Members, please email your nominations to mailto:secretary@pawprintprototyping.org
   - The current Member-At-Large, Cynra, will not seek re-election this year - please reach out to the Secretary if you are interested in being our next Member-At-Large
   - All other Board positions are up for re-election, and nominations of interested parties who want to step up into Space leadership
- Housekeeping (literally) and Space cleanup day!
  - Please be mindful of the cleanliness of the space after you use it. Tidy up food waste, return tools to their designated storage, and don't leave projects in progress out (or seek a Parking Pass)
  - Parking Pass enforcement coming soon to a hackerspace near you
  - [Hackerspace Cleanup day scheduled for August 3rd at 10:30am](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/event?action=TEMPLATE&tmeid=MDRuZGhtcWhqMDJqZzBybmR2bGhjZDBuaXAgY19xaWdiMHNrdmJ2OW9xaTA2bTUyOTExanJrZ0Bn&tmsrc=c_qigb0skvbv9oqi06m52911jrkg%40group.calendar.google.com) - there will be pizza! Come help restore the space to a tidier condition and make it easier and more pleasant for all to use

  
# Treasurer Update
- Reminder: donations over your monthly dues are considered a tax-deductible charitable donation
- Reminder: Pawprint can be found on Benevity for workplace charitable donation matching
- Pawprint is cash positive, particularly in the wake of OpenSauce - thank you to our new members and donees
  - Please submit proposals for Tool Requests and/or other reinvestment ideas to the Board

# Meetings, Events and Interest Groups

## Health and Safety
- Please don't bring hazardous waste to Pawprint.

## HAM Club
- Please RSVP for exam sessions
- Good class sessions recently
  
# Motions and Voting?
- Board Elections will take place next meeting! Please email your votes to secretary@pawprintprototyping.org or vote in person at the next meeting
- We have 30 members now and need at least half of them to vote for quorum, please do not skip this!
- Annual elections for the Board of Directors. The current candidates are as follows:
  - President: Kataze (incumbent)
  - Treasurer: Kay (incumbent - interim)
  - Secretary: Timber (incumbent)
    - Would like to retire
  - CTO: Rechner (incumbent)
  - Member-At-Large: Cynra (incumbent but stepping down)
- Current incubments nominated for re-election
- Geo nominated for next Member-At-Large 
- Nominations remain open until 11:59pm, August 23, to allow for nominations to be processed in advance of the Elections at the General Body Meeting next month
- Any individual who has been a Member of the organization for a minimum of six (6) months is eligible to be nominated for the Board of Directors.
  - The board has elected to suspend this rule in the past in order to make the pool of candidates larger. If you have interest in running but do not meet this requirement, please talk to us anyway and we will see what we can do.
    
# Puppourri
- Skyite has a VR model and portal set up for joining the google meet
- Kay: Def Con Roll call! Kay is hosting a Pawprint Prototyping chillout party at a suite - reach out to Kay!
- Bocuma pleased to announce progress on Bridgeport maintenance - new table nut installed
- Crystal: new sticker printer + docs are ready!
- There's a Battle Bots thing at Makers Nexus this weekend
- Amp: still working on HVAC callouts
- Timber: Please leave the A/C at a reasonably economical setting and do not leave it set very cold when the space is unoccupied
- We have a new drill press!
- We have more robits (for parts?)!



# Next meeting date:
August 27th @ 7:00 pm (co-scheduled with the annual Elections)

# How to join!
We depend on your support!! $100 a month; talk to people in blue labcoats to inquire
