# General Body Meeting Minutes for July 23rd, 2024
# Roll Call
**In Person:**
* Kataze, Rechner, Kay, Nic, Bocuma, Geo, Kilte, Dulse, 

**Online:** 
* Timber, Ampere, 

**Guests:** 
* Skyite, Dossio, Leaf

# General News
- Please Do Not Use The Toilet until further notice, if at all possible
  - The plumbing has lost its seal; please do not use the toilet until we get it fixed (expected on Thursday).
- Community Call To Action
  - Looking for monthly classes on topics of interest
     - Sheet metal class, soldering class in the pipelines to be scheduled soon
  - Document your projects to be featured on the Pawprint Blog
  - Kay wants to do a class on making stickers!
- Look out for a Google Form to request an event be added to the Pawprint calendar, coming soon!
  - Form to enable submission of requested timeslot and event details and pertinent contact info
 - Should we do Makerfaire (October 18-20)?
   - Someone would need to run it - please reach out if interested ASAP!
   - Kay suggests badge creation if so
   - Applications for Maker Faire exhibitors open until July 30th
   - Maybe we should do Hackaday Superconference instead?
 - Board elections take place during the General Body Meeting on August 27; nominations open until August 23rd
   - Members, please email your nominations to mailto:secretary@pawprintprototyping.org
   - The current Member-At-Large, Cynra, will not seek re-election this year - please reach out to the Secretary if you are interested in being our next Member-At-Large
   - All other Board positions are up for re-election, and nominations of interested parties who want to step up into Space leadership
- Housekeeping (literally) and Space cleanup day!
  - Please be mindful of the cleanliness of the space after you use it. Tidy up food waste, return tools to their designated storage, and don't leave projects in progress out (or seek a Parking Pass)
  - Hackerspace Cleanup day scheduled for September 3rd - there will be pizza! Come help restore the space to a tidier condition and make it easier and more pleasant for all to use

  
# Treasurer Update
- Reminder: donations over your monthly dues are considered a tax-deductible charitable donation
- Reminder: Pawprint can be found on Benevity for workplace charitable donation matching

# Meetings, Events and Interest Groups

## Health and Safety

## HAM Club
- 
  
# Motions and Voting?
- None Scheduled
    
# Puppourri
- 



# Next meeting date:
August 27th @ 7:00 pm

# How to join!
We depend on your support!! $100 a month; talk to people in blue labcoats to inquire
