# General Body Meeting Agenda for August 26th, 2022
# Roll Call
**In Person:** 
Kataze
**Online:** 
Mojake, Tigerpaw, Timber, Oscar
**Guests:** 

# General News
  - Please tell your friends about us, we'd like to be financially solvent one day
  - Twitter account still exists: https://twitter.com/pawprintproto
    - Send kataze pictures, we might tweet one day
    - If you would like to tweet on our behalf, talk to the board!
  - Looking to do group activities / hack nights
  - Bridgeport Update
    - Slowly acquiring metrology and workholding equipment
  - Long Term Storage Forms
    - Parking Request, Parking Permits, and Parking Ticket forms have been created
    - Parking Request will be available in the office
    - Parking Permits are to be approved by Board Members or Area Captain, and should accompany or replace a filled-out Parking Request
  - Space Calendar
  - Paper Towel Dispenser for the bathroom
    - Has arrived and is installed
  - The Quest For New Insurance
    - Have to itemize some assets and send over our current policy to Adam
    - He does insurance for some other BACH spaces
  - Board Elections 
    - Board Elections occur at the end of the month (four days!)
    - Positions/Candidates:   
      - President
        - Kataze (incumbent)
      - Treasurer
        - Amp (incumbent) 
      - Secretary
        - Timber (incumbent)
      - Chief Technology Officer
        - Rechner (incumbent) 
      - Member At Large
        - Bokeh (retiring)
        - Cynra 
    - Please send your votes to secretary@pawprintprototyping.org or I will personally hassle you until quorum is achieved.
  
# Treasurer Update
# Meetings, Events and Interest Groups
## HAM Club
  - There has been some interest in another testing date
# Motions and Voting?
  - none scheduled
# Puppourri
  - DEF CON was neat and a team of mostly Pawprinters won the telechallenge!
  - Mo Jake looking for an update on moving the 3D Printers - pending a response from another member who had previously volunteered
  - Mo Jake looking to have an appoinment to discuss their asks, with the Board, preferably sooner rather than next meeting
  - Mo Jake looking for updates on disposal of the filter table, linen closet - both pending further
  - Trash and Recycling items should be disposed of in the dumpsters (conventionally color-coded) in the rear of the building
  - Tigerpaw looking for update / offering to help write documentation for space assets or ownership/contact info
  - Request to have the github and wiki linked on the login website
  - There is a cat in the parking lot - owner, name, etc. unknown, but someone appears to be caring for it - cat has been there since before Pawprint moved in

# Next meeting date:
September 23rd @ 7:00 pm.
