# General Body Meeting Agenda for March 26th, 2024
# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Kataze, Rechner, Geo, Cynra, Kilte, Kay, Mojake

**Online:** 
Timber, Bocuma, Amp

**Guests:** 
Aiden

# General News
- Treasurership Update
  - Welcome to Kay, our newly appointed Treasurer!
  - Board elections occur in August; prior to which full nominations are open for Board positions
- Member-At-Large Update: Cynra will be leaving the Directorship, at the conclusion of the term
- Caleb Kraft seeking collaboration for an article in MAKE; Kilte is PoC for project writeups submission
- Community Call To Action
  - Looking for monthly classes on topics of interest
  - Soldering class! On the calendar and planned for 13 April. Seats are limited - sign up now to reserve a slot!
- Reminder: [Open Sauce announced for Cow Palace June 15-16](https://opensauce.live/)
  - Pawprint's application has been submitted!
  - Seeking build crew and concepts

  
# Treasurer Update
- Reminder: donations over your monthly dues are considered a tax-deductible charitable donation
- Reminder: Pawprint can be found on Benevity for workplace charitable donation matching

# Meetings, Events and Interest Groups


## HAM Club
- Looking for interest for 2Q24 Ham Radio Exams timing
- Looking for interest for study sessions timing - probably in early May?
  
# Motions and Voting?
- None scheduled
    
# Puppourri
- Talk to Kataze about the Open Sauce build team!
- Kay: Should build (and populate) a cool and nerdy community bookshelf
- Mojake will do a session on using the new resin printer on 11 Apr @ 7 PM
- Mojake: the laser-cut pizza resin casting is going well
- Bocuma: Has figured out The Mystery Of The Bandsaw (and its documentation). NN 2190mm bandsaw blade if anyone can help with that.
- Bocuma: Would like to fix the mill! There's a telegram group and a when-to-meet poll up for the mill go-live
- Kilte: Looking to run a pair of classes starting at the end of May around sheetmetal design and then fabrication. Class will be free but materials will not.
- Cynra: Working on a fursuit armature
- There is a lot of contact cement in the flammables cabinet now
- Geo: Had a Hack Night recently and it went well! Looking to expand in future
- Rechner: The Silicon Valley CyberSecurity meetup group is doing a thing on Flipper Zero - link is in the chat
- Rechner: Working on updating the Pawprint website! Looking for photos, blog posts, project showcases, etc.!

# Next meeting date:
April 23rd @ 7:00 pm

# How to join!
We depend on your support!! $100 a month; talk to people in blue labcoats (and now Kay!) to inquire
