# General Body Meeting Agenda for November 22nd, 2022
# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Kataze, Cynra, 


**Online:** 
Ampere, Tigerpaw, Timber,


**Guests:** 
Skyite, 

# General News
  - Twitter account still exists: https://twitter.com/pawprintproto
    - Send kataze pictures, we might tweet one day
    - If you would like to tweet on our behalf, talk to the board!
  - Electrical work planning
    - Ventilation for the 3d printers and additional electrical outlets
    - Need to plan this out in order to plan for rental of a lift
  - What day of the week to hold meetings on?
    - This meeting held on a Tuesday
    - Preferences for M/W/F
    - Preferences T/W/R
    - There is technically a weekly furmeet in SF on wednesdays
    - Re-visit the poll after the holidays? Only got 6 votes in the last poll
    - Maybe we will bring pizza to a future meeting to drive attendance
  
# Treasurer Update
  - Financial report read
  - We are cash neutral at this point!
  - Need to add insurance to the financial dashboard
  - Working on building reserve fund (almost there), looking forward to being able to fund space improvements in the future
  - Making some funds through Amazon Smile!

# Meetings, Events and Interest Groups
## HAM Club
  - So far one person has requested a test; looking for further interest to justify the expense of testing

# Motions and Voting?
  - none scheduled
  - 
# Puppourri
  - FlightAware ADS-B receiver recieved; pending install and uplink
  - New video conference system to be installed soon 
  - Puposal: Pawprint White Elephant next month? Poll the membership

# Next meeting date:
December 27? @ 7:00 pm
