# General Body Meeting Agenda for October 24th, 2023
# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Rechner, Amp, Kilte, Mojake, Kay, Geo, Georninja

**Online:** 
Z, Taeksoo, Brokenwing

**Guests:** 
Skyite

# General News
- Caleb Kraft seeking collaboration for an article in MAKE; Kilte is PoC for project writeups submission
	- Might be seeking a more direct approach at this point? ^^`
- Rev 2.0 of the Bylaws have been drafted and will be made available for review
- Revisit timeslot for meeting; start earlier?
	- Temperature of the room says to keep the 19:00 timeslot.
- The building got painted

  
# Treasurer Update
- Give us money please :3
   - We're on Benevity
   - Donate on a recurring basis via Paypal!
   - Talk to Amp: we'll figure it out.

# Meetings, Events and Interest Groups


## HAM Club
- Future exam TBA in 4Q23, December
  
# Motions and Voting?

    
# Puppourri

- Mojake minute:  The two prussa Mk3's have been firmware downgraded to fix an axis
crash and/or thermal anomaly, please do not update them.  Maslo has been given up
on. It operates but is wildly inaccurate ±5mm.  There's a new one, it's more rigid
and belt driven and could be way better.  Open for hacking.

- Door controller should be more reliable now.  We have a new super skookem Assa door
latch replacement which will be great once we convince a real life contractor to come
anchor that into the concrete.

- Also WiFi will be improved to make the August happier.

- Don't put anything in front of the heater that will blow away/up.

# Next meeting date:
November 28th @ 7:00 pm

# How to join!
We depend on your support!! $100 a month; talk to people in blue labcoats to inquire
