
# General Body Meeting Agenda for October 26th, 2024
# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Board:

**Online:** 


**Guests:** 

# General News
- Community Call To Action
  - Looking for monthly classes on topics of interest
  - Document your projects to be featured on the Pawprint Blog
  - Please help flesh out the [Wiki](https://wiki.pawprint.space/) for the space!
 - Google Calendar; Calendar Event Request form
 - MemberMatters updates
  - Docuseal for waivers and Membership Agreement
- Social Media presence updates
  - Motion coming up over Twitter pressence. 

  
# Treasurer Update
- Reminder: donations over your monthly dues are considered a tax-deductible charitable donation
- Reminder: Pawprint can be found on Benevity for workplace charitable donation matching
- Please submit proposals for Tool Requests and/or other reinvestment ideas to the Board

# Meetings, Events and Interest Groups
- Fundamentals of 3D modeling with Mojake, Oct. 26th at 1100 
  - Recommended you bring your own laptop/tablet/mouse
- Git for makeers, Tuesday Oct. 29th with Rechner.
- Pick-n-Place class sometime in November. 
- Solder class, Saturday Dec. 14th with Rechner.
- Further Confusion crafting.
  - Starting to do some brainstorming, see us after the meeting! 
- FC Build group 
  - Add folks to the chat
  - Whiteboard brainstorm
- Opensauce build group
  - Add folks to the chat
  - Whiteboard brainstorm

## Health and Safety
- Please keep in mind sugar free options.
- No peanuts in the space. 
- No heavy perfumes and air freshners.

## HAM Club
- Planning the next series of classes
 - Member interest in upgrading to general 
  
# Motions and Voting
- Talk to Kay about getting things on the docket to drain our pocket

- Motion to park and suspend all Twitter/X activity. 
  - Post a last "Where to find us" and park on the account name. 
  
# Puppourri


# Next meeting date:
November 19thth @ 7:00 pm. 
December Meeting and open house are cancelled due to busy. 

# How to join!
We depend on your support!! $100 a month; talk to people in blue labcoats to inquire
