
# General Body Meeting Agenda for September 24th, 2024
# Roll Call
**In Person:**
Board: Geo, Rechner, Kay, Mojake
* Bocuma, Kilte, Nic, Falxie, Quopas, Skyite, Dingo, Rumor, Earthshine

**Online:** 
* Burry

**Guests:** 

# General News
- Community Call To Action
  - Looking for monthly classes on topics of interest
  - Document your projects to be featured on the Pawprint Blog
  - Please help flesh out the [Wiki](https://wiki.pawprint.space/) for the space!
      - Git for makers! - Rechner, date TBA (within a week)
 - Google Calendar; Calendar Event Request form
 - MemberMatters updates
  - Docuseal for waivers and Membership Agreement
- Social Media presence updates
    - Video is allowed on Blueysky, crossposter will not work for it. 
-New rules for collocating/donating tools and supplies
  - Must have a dedicated spot picked for storage of tool(s), accessories, and consumables
  - Board is willing to work to help find location
  - Does not apply to projects, just tools/supplies that are avaliable to all members 
- We're allowed to draw on walls, please draw on the walls.
  - Inside only, no outside art.
  
  
# Treasurer Update
- Reminder: donations over your monthly dues are considered a tax-deductible charitable donation
- Reminder: Pawprint can be found on Benevity for workplace charitable donation matching
- Please submit proposals for Tool Requests and/or other reinvestment ideas to the Board
- Hey, what's up with that letter?

# Meetings, Events and Interest Groups
- Fundamentals of 3D modeling with Mojake, Oct. 26th at 1100 
  - Recommended you bring your own laptop/tablet/mouse
-Further Confusion crafting.
  - Starting to do some brainstorming, see us after the meeting! 

## Health and Safety
- Please keep in mind sugar free options.
- No peanuts in the space. 

## HAM Club
- Planning the next series of classes
 - Member interest in upgrading to general 
  
# Motions and Voting
- Talk to Kay about getting things on the docket to drain our pocket

  
# Puppourri
- PnP possibly coming tomorrow, the 25th.
- YOU can program in Dos 3/3.3 to upload to a cloud-ish controlled vintage IBM - Kilte 


# Next meeting date:
October **22nd** @ 7:00 pm

# How to join!
We depend on your support!! $100 a month; talk to people in blue labcoats to inquire
