# General Body Meeting Agenda for August 26th, 2022
# Roll Call
**In Person:**

**Online:** 

**Guests:** 

# General News
  - Please tell your friends about us, we'd like to be financially solvent one day
  - Twitter account still exists: https://twitter.com/pawprintproto
    - Send kataze pictures, we might tweet one day
    - If you would like to tweet on our behalf, talk to the board!
  - Bridgeport Update
  - Long Term Storage Forms
    - this is Kataze from the past saying I'm really actually really going to print them before the meeting this time. How did I do, future Kataze?
  - Space Calendar
  - Paper Towel Dispenser for the bathroom
    - Has arrived!
  - The Quest For New Insurance
    - Have to itemize some assets and send over our current policy to Adam
    - He does insurance for some other BACH spaces
  - Board Elections 
    - Positions/Candidates:   
      - President
        - Kataze (incumbent)
      - Treasurer
        - Amp (incumbent) 
      - Secretary
        - Timber (incumbent)
      - Chief Technology Officer
        - Rechner (incumbent) 
      - Member At Large
        - Bokeh (retiring)
        - Cynra 
    - Please send your votes to secretary@pawprintprototyping.org or I will personally hassle you until quorum is achieved.
  
# Treasurer Update
# Meetings, Events and Interest Groups
## HAM Club
  - There has been some interest in another testing date
# Motions and Voting?
  - none scheduled
# Puppourri
  - DEF CON was neat and a team of mostly Pawprinters won the telechallenge!
  - 

# Next meeting date:
September 23rd @ 7:00 pm.
