# Board Meeting Agenda April 22nd, 2022

## Attendees
- 

### Discussion
- Roles of the Board
  - Let's review
- Fire Extinguishers
  - What do we need to do to be brought into compliance?
  - NFPA Fire Extinguisher Guidelines and marking requirements
    - OSHA 1910.157(b)(2). We should make it the policy that you do not use an extingusher without training
  - Who can own this moving forward?
- 3D printer ventilation + Resin Printer maybe colo
- Saw horses out the rolling door policy
- Open bay hanging air ventilation and dust collection
- General Industrial Waste/Hazmat collection
  - Amp Handling Small Generator Paperwork 
- Solvents and flammable storage cabinet
- Increase ventilation on laser cutter and laser cutter keybox
- Security:
  - Access Control Badge Out/Whos in the space?
  - Put Red Paint on rolling door lock handle
  - Security System/monitoring on rolling door
- Second Floor not general access/long term storage forms required?
- Space Calender for events and denoting days when pawprint is closed/event
- Paper Towel Dispenser for the bathroom
- Occupancy Limit
  - 17
- Emergency Board Contact Hotline/Callbox
  - Callbox or just phone extension?
  - Extensions for the board members and an ivr when you dial the space
- Notes for new member orentation:
  - Security Guidelines (locking doors, turning lights, etc)
  - Standard Policies, etc (storage, guests, tools, etc)
  - Be polite to neighbors (europaddock!), loud music, etc?
  - Fire Extingusher Training
- Review insurance coverage in light of mill and lasercutter. Recommend light manufacturing 
- 501c3 note: We need open hack nights and eventually classes
- Physical Todo:
  - Install Ventilation in server room
  - Box for door control equipment
  - Placement of Second workstation and movment of first aid kit
  - Plumb air compressor and air dryer
- Equipment requests:
  - Lathe
  - Welder-Bokeh
  - Plasma Cutter-Bokeh
  - Sheet Metal Brake-Bokeh
